New Adapter: 9dotsmedialtd (#5966)
prebid/prebid.github.io: dev-docs/bidders/9dotsmedialtd.md

---
layout: bidder
title: 9dots media LTD
description: Prebid 9dots media LTD Bidder Adaptor
biddercode: 9dotsmedialtd
pbjs: false
pbs: true

> media_types: video, banner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
media_types: video, banner, native
```

The text below claims that the adapter also supports native. In this case I would add it here as well

---
layout: bidder
title: 9dots media LTD
description: Prebid 9dots media LTD Bidder Adaptor
biddercode: 9dotsmedialtd
pbjs: false
pbs: true
media_types: video, banner
userIds: all
fpd_supported: false
tcfeu_supported: false
usp_supported: true
coppa_supported: true
schain_supported: true
prebid_member: false
ortb_blocking_supported: true
multiformat_supported: will-bid-on-one
floors_supported: false
aliasCode: limelightDigital
sidebarType: 1
---

### Bid Params

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }

| Name          | Scope    | Description                                                   | Example                | Type      |
|:--------------|:---------|:--------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------|:----------|

> | `host`        | required | Ad network's RTB host                                         | `'<adserving domain>'` | `string`  |

Reviewer 2: host cannot be required for PBS. The text below suggests that this only needed for PBJS, but that conflicts with the declaration above `pbjs:false`

| `adUnitId`    | required | Ad Unit Id will be generated on <Public title name> Platform. | `42`                   | `integer` |
| `adUnitType`  | required | Type of Ad Unit (`'video'`, `'banner'`)                       | `'banner'`             | `string`  |
| `publisherId` | required | Publisher ID                                                  | `'12345'`              | `string`  |
| `custom1`     | optional | Custom targeting field 1                                      | `'custom1'`            | `string`  |
| `custom2`     | optional | Custom targeting field 2                                      | `'custom2'`            | `string`  |
| `custom3`     | optional | Custom targeting field 3                                      | `'custom3'`            | `string`  |
| `custom4`     | optional | Custom targeting field 4                                      | `'custom4'`            | `string`  |
| `custom5`     | optional | Custom targeting field 5                                      | `'custom5'`            | `string`  |

> <Public title name> server-side Prebid Server adapter requires only `publisherId` and `host` parameters. But <Public title name> client-side Prebid.js adapter requires only `host`, `adUnitId`, `adUnitType`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 9dotsmedialtd server-side Prebid Server adapter requires only `publisherId` and `host` parameters. But the 9dotsmedialtd client-side Prebid.js adapter requires only `host`, `adUnitId`, `adUnitType`.
```

Reviewer 3: fixed

> <Public title name> server-side Prebid Server adapter supports only `banner`, `video`, `audio`, `native` media types. But <Public title name> client-side Prebid.js adapter supports only `banner` and `video` media types, doesn't support `audio` and `native`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 9dotsmedialtd server-side Prebid Server adapter supports only `banner`, `video`, `audio`, `native` media types. But the 9dotsmedialtd client-side Prebid.js adapter supports only `banner` and `video` media types, doesn't support `audio` and `native`.
```

Reviewer 3: fixed
